yes
and now
what do you want
in my home
and then
Y
two
ace
Y
this
yes
i
ah
yes
do not
going to the milestones I will comment that
this video is about a challenge that we have
proposed several girls is to say each
month one is going to propose an idea and
then it will be put to a vote and
will choose which one you like most or
what else can he contribute and then from this
Once I have proposed a 'cutter'
ready with me at night and then then
they decided that yes they decided that what
we were going to do then before
continue with the outfit I wanted to tell you
that I'll leave here below the
links to their channels that they have
contributed the best of themselves and to support them
and it's good that these challenges have been
put back on track
thanks to another girl who was also doing
the challenges I will leave your channel and everything here
down
and nothing that I have contributed to this idea
now let's go with the office and that already
I say goodbye to you I wish you the best that I can
since a good weekend that we
we see in a next video a next
challenge too and nothing a huge weight very much
for everyone to follow me through my networks
socials I will instagram that so much I
you ask when this one has put in
instagram I will tell you on facebook and
we do not go with the video not
ah
today
what do you want
in my home
here and I have